♪ Yeah
♪ You are my fire
♪ The one desire
♪ Believe when I say
♪ I want it that way
♪ But we are two worlds apart
♪ Can't reach to your heart
♪ When you say
♪ That I want it that way
♪ Tell me why
♪ Ain't nothin'
But a heartache
♪ Tell me why
♪ Ain't nothin' but a mistake
♪ I never wanna hear you say
♪ I want it that way
♪ Am I your fire
♪ Your one desire
♪ Yes, I know it's too late
♪ But I want it that way
♪ Tell me why
♪ Ain't nothin'
But a heartache
♪ Tell me why
♪ Ain't nothin' but a mistake
♪ I never wanna hear you say
♪ I want it that way
♪ Now I can see
That we've fallen apart
♪ From the way
That it used to be, yeah
♪ No matter the distance
I want you to know
♪ That deep down inside of me
♪ You are my fire
♪ The one desire
♪ You are
[HARMONIZING]
♪ You are, you are, you are
♪ Don't wanna hear you say
♪ Ain't nothin'
But a heartache
♪ Ain't nothin' but a mistake
♪ Don't wanna hear you say
♪ I never wanna hear you say
♪ Oh, yeah
♪ I want it that way
♪ Tell me why
♪ Ain't nothin'
But a heartache
♪ Tell me why
♪ Ain't nothin but a mistake
♪ I never wanna hear you say
♪ Don't wanna hear you say
♪ I want it that way
♪ Tell me why
♪ Ain't nothin'
But a heartache
♪ Ain't nothin' but a mistake
♪ Tell me why
♪ I never wanna hear you say
♪ Never wanna hear you say
♪ I want it that way
♪ 'Cause I want it that way ♪